1. Indicate how many simulation runs were completed at each monthly spend level

2. separate the age section from the social security section for you and spouse / partner (so it's age, and partner age; social security choices, and partner social security choices)

3. Add a section in the results sections indicating that these success rates were based on choosing
age ranges from lowest to highest for each spouse.  So for example, if I put 94 as my expected longevity, the range for my age would
be from 69 to 119

4. add a form element so the user can choose the minimum acceptable success rate. When the success rate of a particular
spending level goes below that, stop the calculations and create the final report

5. You're still not showing the progress meter when running simulations

6. you're not showing the colors (green, yellow, red) that you describe at the top of the results section

7. Include the absolute total number of simulations run in the 'simulation complete' tagline

8. include a version number in a footer at the bottom

9. add some sort of disclaimer indicating that this is 100% browser-based, no data is kept or stored, in a footer at the bottom

10. in the results table, after the per-month amount, include the annual amount.  

11. in the results table, using today's IRS numbers, include the effective federal income tax rate assuming everything is taxable, the total annual tax expected, and the monthly equivalent (ie annual divided by 12)

12. pull tax calculations into a separate subsystem, so we can tinker with it separately from the main report

13. the tax calculations don't have to happen until the results are done, since they don't depend on random performance. 

14. create a new subsystem to calculate medicare fees based on current known rules and fee schedules. We'll use this as part of
the detailed final report.

15. Let the user specify the state, and include the state taxes they'll expect to pay based on monthly income as well.  So we'll need a subsystem to calculate state taxes as well.  Again, this will only need to happen at the very end, with the final results table.


PHASE 2

16. if the user clicks on a particular result, we should provide the breakdown, year by year until both spouses reach final longevity. This would include:
  a. the various sources of income (SS, pension, retirement funds)
  b. the projected federal taxes
  c. the projected state taxes
  d. the projected medicare fees (once they hit 65)
  e. the net payment, after subtracting federal and state taxes, and medicare fees

In other words, a full summary of what everything looks like, year by year - all of the income, all of the mandated outflows.  This will allow me to validate your math, and also give the user some additional details about their overall financial picture.


17. don't forget that the calculations for taxes on social security are based on how much you earn, and (if I recall correctly) are maxed out at "85% of your social security income is taxable"

18. the monthly spend should be inflation adjusted (so it will go up by some percentage per year, and then reduced by a modest amount when reduce spending over time is factored in). 

19. don't forget to factor inflation in to reduce the effective value of the pension/annuities if they aren't inflation adjusted

# Phase 3
20. once the user chooses a specific monthly spend scenario, we should allow them to focus in on it more closely, allowing them to change the max age of the spouses, and then re-running the 1000 simulations with those specific ages, and showing the total balance of their retirement account over time (based on the average of the monte carlo results) 

This detailed report should all be in "current dollars", so if a pension isn't inflation adjusted, it will go down by an average amount each year (the average of all of the historical inflation values)



